EventCode
Date
Birthday
Sex
Smoke_status
HbA1c: the average blood glucose levels for the last two to three months
Protein (urine) amount:A protein in urine test measures how much protein is in your urine. A large amount of protein can indicate a problem with your kidneys
Microalbumin urine:A urine microalbumin test is a test to detect very small levels of a blood protein ( albumin) in your urin
Microalbin (day urine): ?
Metanephrines urine:Urine metanephrines testing is used to help detect or rule out the presence of a rare tumor called a pheochromocytoma or a paraganglioma that releases excess metanephrines
Prothrombin time:used to determine the clotting tendency of blood
Prothrombin (according to Quick):?
Uric acid:This test measures the amount of uric acid in your blood or urine. Uric acid is a normal waste product that's made when the body breaks down chemicals called purines
Glucose (syv.): ?
Coef. atherogenicity:formation of abnormal fatty or lipid masses in arterial walls
Biomaterial: ?
C-reactive protein (CRP) amount:Blood protein that raises in inflection
Albumin (electrophoresis):An albumin blood test measures the amount of albumin in your blood. Albumin is a protein made by your liver
WBC-Leukocytes: White blood cell count
HGB-Hemoglobin: ?
Monocytes, eosinophils, basophils%
HCT- Hematocrit
Monocytes, eosinophils, basophils #
Nitrites:Nitrates work by relaxing the walls of blood vessels, which makes them slightly wider. By relaxing the blood vessels on the surface of the heart, the heart can get more blood flow and oxygen
Glucose (12 hours):?
Glucose (16 hours):?
Glucose: ?
C-reactive protein (CRP): ?
Troponin I:: Troponins are a group of proteins found in skeletal and heart (cardiac) muscle fibers that regulate muscular contraction. Elevation means myocardial infarction
Capillary blood glucose:Capillary blood glucose monitoring plays an important part in achieving levels of diabetes  control
SBE (vein): ?
HCO3- (P, st) (vein)
FCOHb (vein):fraction of carboxyhaemoglobin
FHHb (vein):Fractional deoxyhemoglobin
FMetHb (vein):is a hemoglobin in the form of metalloprotein, in which the iron in the heme group is in the Fe3+ (ferric) state, not the Fe2+ (ferrous) of normal hemoglobin
FHbF (vein): Fraction of Deoxyhemoglobin in Total Hemoglobin 
F02Hb (vein):fraction of hemoglobin
ctBil (vein):Total bilirubin
pH (vein)
pO2 (vein):The partial pressure of oxygen is the measure of oxygen within arterial or venous blood
pCO2 (vein):): The partial pressure of carbon dioxide (PCO2) is the measure of carbon dioxide within arterial or venous blood
ABE (vein)acid base equilibrium, when pH is constant
HCO3- (P) (vein):the blood value of bicarbonate is one of several indicators of the state of acid–base physiology in the body
sO2 (vein):Oxygen saturation is the fraction of oxygen-saturated hemoglobin relative to total hemoglobin (unsaturated + saturated) in the blood
ctHb (vein):the total hemoglobin concentration
Hct (vein)
K + (vein)
Na + (vein)
Ca2 + ( vein)
Cl- (vein)
Glu (vein)
Lac (vein):It's a test that measures the amount of lactic acid (also called “lactate”) in your blood. This acid is made in muscle cells and red blood cells, anormal blood lactate level is 0.5-1 mmol/L.
Osmolarity (vein):This test measures the concentration of dissolved particles (osmolality) in blood.This test can help 
diagnose a fluid or electrolyte imbalance, including dehydration
ctO2 (vein):Concentration of Total Oxygen in veins
p50 (vein):intravenous injection arm model
weight
height
bmi: BODY MASS INDEX
pulse
body_surface_area: The total surface area of the human body. (there are some articles on dependence of it on diabetes)
CAD: Coronary artery disease: Impedance or blockage of one or more arteries that supply blood to the heart, usually due to atherosclerosis,
DAD: Diffuse alveolar damage is a histologic term used to describe specific changes that occur AG:
CHF: congestive heart failure occurs when the heart muscle doesn't pump blood as well as it should. There are certain reason such as narrowed arteries in  heart (coronary artery disease) or high blood pressure
COPD: Chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) is a type of obstructive lung disease characterized by long-term breathing problems and poor airflow
atherosclerosis: causes plaque to build up in arteries, over time, this plaque thickens, hardens, and narrows arteries, with the result of low oxygen supply to vital organs
OKS: ?
Acute_pulmonary_complications: respiratory complications, ????????????? ?????????
Metformin: the main medication in diabetes type 1, 
CKD: chronic kidney disease, a long-term condition where the kidneys don't work as well as they should 
Harmful_life-image: ?
AF: atrial fibrillation, a type of tachycardia ( irregular heartbeat 
Obesity: the condition in which the BMI is over 30.0, 
Angina: the symptom of chest pain or pressure, 
Disorders _sleep: such as obstructive sleep apnoea syndrome usually accompanied by loud snoring, 
Disorders_ of_lipoprotein_ metabolism: fat proteins like LDL, HDL when having a dysfunction create conditions like hypercholesterolemia
Hyperglycemia: the condition in which there is a high level of blood glucose, over
Insulin: the hormone that metabolize bodie's carbohydrates
Ultrashort-acting_insulins: medical insulin with a very fast onset and short duration
Long-acting_insulins: medical insulin with long duration
Insulinum aspartum: an ultrashort-acting_insulin
Insulinum_glarginum: a long-acting_insulin 
Insulinum_lisulinum_engineering ?
Insulinum_lisprum: an ultrashort-acting_
Insulinum_lisulinum_engineering_
Insulin_any
vildagliptin: oral anti-hyperglycemic agent (anti-diabetic drug) of the dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitor class of drugs
gliclazide: oral anti-hyperglycemic agent (anti-diabetic drug) of the dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitor class of drugs
glimepiride: oral anti-hyperglycemic agent (anti-diabetic drug) of the dipeptidyl peptidase-4 (DPP-4) inhibitor class of drugs
metformin
all_gipoglemic_drugs: drugs that regulate blood sugar levels, 
atorvastatin: belongs to a group of medicines called statins. It's used to lower cholesterol, 
rosuvastatin: belongs to a group of medicines called statins. It's used to lower cholesterol, 
simvastatin: belongs to a group of medicines called statins. It's used to lower cholesterol
all_statins: statins are a group of medicines that can help lower the level of low-density lipoprotein (LDL) cholesterol in the blood, 
hydrochlorothiazide: diuretic agent, usually used in hypertension therapy,
indapamide: diuretic agent, usually used in hypertension therapy, 
urea: Urea plays an important role in the metabolism of nitrogenous compounds in organisms and is the major nitrogenous substance in mammalian urine
spironolactone: diuretic agent, usually used in hypertension therapy
torasemide: diuretic agent, usually used in hypertension therapy
furosemide: diuretic agent, usually used in hypertension therapy
diuretic: any substance that promotes diuresis, the increased production of urine,  are a common treatment for high blood pressure
bisoprolol: beta-blocker agent
metoprolol: beta-blocker agent
nebivolol: beta-blocker agent
sotalol: beta-blocker agent
beta_block: beta-adrenergic blocking agents are medications that reduce your blood pressure, manage abnormal heart rhythms, and protect the heart from a heart attack:  myocardial infarction or MI is a serious medical emergency in which the supply of blood to the heart is suddenly blocked, usually by a blood clot
IM ?
CHD: Coronary heart disease is a type of heart disease that develops when the arteries of the heart cannot deliver enough oxygen-rich blood to the heart
diabetic_retinopathy: a diabetes complication that affects the eyes. It's caused by damage to the blood vessels of the retina,
diabetic_angiopathy_neph: angiopathy (dysfunction of blood vessels) associated with diabetic complications, the two most common forms are diabetic retinopathy and diabetic nephropathy
diabetic_nephropathy: diminished kidneys' ability to do their usual work of removing waste products and extra fluid from your body
neuropathy: Diabetic neuropathy is nerve damage that affects a range of nerves in the bodies of some people with diabetes
stroke: poor blood flow to the brain, two types hemorrhagic due to bleeding or ischaemic due to lack of blood flow
